All right.
So we have the single most viewed here.
Now, there are a few things I want to fix.
For example, this from the agency.
It is a scroll.
So we're using the same editor, the one we used during Create.
So if you go to the decimal, you will notice that.
This editor, we have set the certain width.
That's I think that's 500 pixel.
Okay.
So anything more than that, we have more content, just scrolls.
So we're using the same editor there.
We just seen the.
Discreetly opening a new window.
So we still are using the same agent and actually it is editing as well as you can see.
So we have to change that to make it a mutually agreed only.
And we don't want to make it scholarly like this one.
So let's come in and see post.
So let's come down to that editor.
And first thing you want to do is make it read.
Only read only to.
Me too.
With that, you should be able to edit.
So that's fixed.
Next one.
Oh, fix the screw.
Only we can.
We can go to our states.
And that's the PRISM universe of questioning of the editor.
We have sued the height department, repeated listings that to minimum height.
So that means minimum height will be 500.
But if.
If it is more than that, then we will.
We saw that with their teams.
You can see it's no longer scroll so we can see the full.
Full content here.
There's no spoiling news.
That's good.
But if you still go here, we create so use to be able to obviously.
The more content you have you can.
And it just goes on.
Okay.
So that's fixed by default, minimum five weeks in them.
As you have more content, you get to see them more content.
Now you that's fixed.
Next thing is, as you can see here, we have the sandbox.
So let's try to put some content here and let's see how this works.
At the moment, you will notice that there is a bit of a gap you can see.
Then with things a bit of an issue.
So let's fix that as well.
So we to have the draw with the cultural flow that is the culture that is giving us the extra space
on this.
And here.
So what you can do is you can just remove that, remove that, and also let's fix that soon.
It's supposed to be extra small that x is what it is and I run that by mistakes.
Let's fix that to excess.
And down here to the center is to excess.
And let me add some more content.
Let me just put some maps and text.
So I have this basic extension called Learn if you don't have anything.
So that that will help you.
Easy to generate some random test text.
I used to find that if I typed Norman hit that.
You can see it gives me this default content.
So to use this extension with Vickery and so it's come at six B and then type.
Um, and so type let's call it that step install extension and then you know you can type.
Laura.
Anything to generate an interest.
Your next segment celebrities I have it installed so I'm going to just to use norm 100 down and that
gives me some text content here that is something I can use you can see here.
So I had the medicine and you notice that there's no more gap here.
Make me see that.
Now, as you can see, it is.
Up to the very edge of this content, which is not good.
So we need to have a bit of space here so we can use offset with that instead of.
So on the small screen it would take the full width for that to be fine.
So that takes a full with.
In LA is a screen.
Actually in a small screen or so we can make it 22.
So we have the two.
Call them severely left and hearing sort of and let's use six and then we can use that value as objects
to host a parent to push through that story if we're doing an extra last 6 to 8.
So I need eight this column and then this column in a bigger screen, it has six times altogether 24.
So with this offset.
They just want a quiet.
Okay.
It's supposed to be one minute.
So.
So observe means it would be applied to both right and left side.
So one means of altering the two.
One on the left.
One on the right.
So my two streams.
Then in fact I was just around Austin so trying to do on the small screen and then one minute so trying
to get the 24 on screen, six and seven on both side one.
It's so it's totally.
The end.
Let's come back to this one.
This one.
We haven't applied in health since.
Let's have a look.
So that's how it looks on small screens.
So you can actually.
You can take a mission, so that can give you the view.
You can choose four responsive bullets from Trump for.
So that's how it works.
So we just need to be there for Martin and.
And.
All right.
So.
So let's add a bit of a margin on top and let's get started.
This is also something we're going to work on a bit later.
So what sort of categories with some of the latest posts that we'll work on this from there.
But otherwise, everything else looks good.
So now the next thing we want to work on is.
The delete and edit of the post by the admin wrote to him.
Admin is able to create post and feature image.
Admin is able to see on the post in his desk and all of these posts are provided with him.
And we have the single fiat as well.
All right.
So let's go back to the decimal.
So we want to implement.
Yeah.
The editor in chief said at the moment they don't do anything in just the text.
So let's talk about these features.